DOC-2283: replace RediSearch with Search and Query (#3675)
RediSearch/RediSearch: README.md

## Overview

> Search and Query is a [Redis module](https://redis.io/modules) that provides querying, secondary indexing, and full-text search for Redis. To use Search and Query, you first declare indexes on your Redis data. You can then use the module's query language to query that data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search and Query is a [Redis module](https://redis.io/modules) that provides querying, secondary indexing, and full-text search for Redis. To use Search and Query, you first declare indexes on your Redis data and then use the query language to query that data.
```

Reviewer: @adrianoamaral can you please review this intro?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search and Query is part of the enhanced experience with Redis that provides querying capabilities, secondary indexing, full-text search for Redis, vector similarity search and more. To use Search and Query, you first declare indices on your Redis data, load the data into Redis and then use the query language to retrieve the data asset that your application require.
```

@dwdougherty  this is what @adrianoamaral  suggested. Please add it.

Search and Query uses compressed, inverted indexes for fast indexing with a low memory footprint.

Search and Query indexes enhance Redis by providing exact-phrase matching, fuzzy search, and numeric filtering, among many other features.

## Getting started

If you're just getting started with Search and Query, check out the [official Search and Query tutorial](https://github.com/RediSearch/redisearch-getting-started). Also, consider viewing our [Search and Query video explainer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B10nHEdW3NA).

The fastest way to get up and running with Search and Query is by using the [Redis Stack Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/redis/redis-stack/).

## Trying Search and Query

> To try Search and Query, either use the Redis Stack Docker image, or [create a free Redis Cloud Essentials account](https://redis.com/try-free/) to get a Redis Stack instance in the cloud, which include Search and Query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To try Search and Query, either use the Redis Stack Docker image or [create a free Redis Cloud Fixed account](https://redis.com/try-free/) to get a Redis Stack instance in the cloud, which includes Search and Query.
```

Author: Added to PR.
